U
Hello Smart climbing classroom festival
So it is Aboriginal this time 10 layering system third layer
I'll have time to learn about the outer garment.
Ah, the third layer is called Perfection Layer in English.
Protection means to be right, but what does that mean ?
When we see this kind of bad weather,
I want my body.
So the rain forest is called the elimination city soon Oh well Wind jacket of yo
The windshield lc belongs to the third layer.
Yes. Yes, those clothes are right. This coat needs a football .
No, because I do not need warmth.
The fabric is simply something to give to know dense because the do not eat a rainstorm
To prevent wind and rain there is donor plain fabric yo mum matter if Joe directly
I would not be able to weather it completely.
Haha So thin on the cloth
Usually by a rubber-coated rubber coating on the study of the social polyurethane
When will you use it?
Oh, well, this rubber coating has wind and rain, but it does not discharge sweat well.
I will.
Yes, the disadvantage of rubber coating is that this wind does not block much sweat emissions
So there is a drawback to not having a rubber coating so thin nylon fabric
It is very densely coated with a water-repellent directly reach the surface outrageous
Water- repellent coating is a chemical that passes water droplets now.
If this happens to some extent now is the rest of the Viva and the wife is discharged sweat
I can use it a little more lightly .
Oh, really, these two things have drawbacks .
In the case of Como Coating, the wind and rain are perfectly increased, but the sweat is good.
If it designed as another water-repellent coating, sweat emissions, but some good weather
There are a few weaknesses that can not be collected.
Yes, but I came up with a new resin that solves those shortcomings.
The cortex is just right for you Gore-Tex is also true rubber coating 1
Jungyijiman is that which is perfect to sales, but the ball is coated waterproof windproof
Give the new material with breathable features to really here below I x deungsanbok
I think there are a lot of advantages as
I want to know more about Gore Tax .
Please tell us
I'm going to go into more detail about next-generation atex next time.
There is a caution when wearing the third layer
It is not to be worn in everyday wear
Oh, do not dress up as usual. 4
This wind jacket-like jacket should be on the third layer .
For the three pre-wind at the time of the second layer when hers Oh evil cloth
The clothes you wear when you eat. 4
Usually, many people like to wear jackets such as wind jackets for climbing purposes
There are so many things you wear.
Yes. That's the wrong way. The third layer.
Normally, I carry it in a small pocket and carry it when I need it.
You only need to take it out and put it on it.
Wore 3rd if it was cold
Then the second yaw control rear that is sufficient for the clothes I wear something nice third
Even wear layers of clothes to wear also maintain a self-sufficient body temperature
Hers is the correct array system
Oh, there are a lot of people who read this wrong way .
I'm the same
4 This time, the last three layers of the triage layering system
I learned about it.
Wink is Jacquet windshield doeneundeyo falls under this cloak as a third layer
In the case of
Still not what always read regardless of the season has approached danisi of about weather
When you meet 1,000 won, you need to wear a smart climbing
Keep in mind
we